If I please, please let me go,
I also believe in letting go of everything that belongs to the royal family.
This emperor is afraid of death, and I am willing to accept his punishment.
Don’t you like Yusu?
I really give it to you, I really give it to you.
You don’t need him to send it, just send it yourself.
Did you hear that I will feel uneasy if you don’t die?
OK OK Make a purchase to others
I am a kill
Zu Shuai is so lucky
I have led people to open the door and I will not be able to take it off.
You have grown up and worked so hard. The moon is rewarding you, little boy.
Ah, this makes you successful
Lord Tsukishang, are you here?
This is Grandpa Longye
Do you want to try
The royal family will enjoy it
Didn't think about it
Aren’t coconuts still the same?
What else is there that is not grandfather?
What Master Tsukishang taught you is
Anonymous please come in
Come on, he doesn't have this idea
General coach is not good anymore
The news will be passed on once again
Something happened with the news